Evaluation of the brain demonstrates a prominent bilobed right and especially left-sided paramedial extra-axial 
mass centered overlying the posterior frontal and anterior parietal lobes. The mass demonstrates heterogeneous 
signal but homogeneous enhancement with mildly irregular but smooth contours.  The mass measures 
approximately 5.8 x 58 x 4.2 CM (anterior posterior by transverse by superior-inferior). The mass encases the falx 
and the adjacent superior sagittal sinus with evidence of marginal dural thickening, especially extending 
posteriorly in the midline splaying the upper leaves of the falx through the level of the upper occipital lobe. 
Prominent reactive changes noted involving the periventricular and subcortical white matter of the left frontal and 
NationalRad | Headquartered: Florida | Diagnostic Imaging Services: Nationwide | 877.734.6674 | www.NationalRad.com 
Page 2 of 2 
parietal lobes with a small amount also involving the right posterior frontal lobe. There is adjacent mass effect 
without significant lateral shift and no herniation. 
A smaller enhancing extra-axial mass more suggestive of atypical meningioma is seen overlying the right mid 
temporal lobe measuring 1.3 x 0.6 CM. (Axial series 12 image 26). 
There is no significant end vessel ischemic small vessel disease. 
There is no acute infarct seen. No intracranial hemorrhage is recognized. 
There is no parenchymal mass or mass effect. 
A developmental venous anomaly is suggested within the left parietal lobe. 
The ventricles, sulci and basal cisterns appear unremarkable. 
The vertebral and internal carotid arteries demonstrate expected flow voids indicating their patency. 
The central skull base and temporal bones are intact. The calvarium appears unremarkable.  The orbits are 
unremarkable. 
The paranasal sinuses demonstrate mucosal thickening partially outlining anterior and posterior ethmoid air cells 
and the right and left antrum with a hyperplastic polypoid component along the floor. No air-fluid levels are 
noted. 
The nasal cavity appears unremarkable. The nasopharynx is symmetric. 